I want to add a quick note about this spacing that we see in this code.
Now this isn't just for python.
In other languages you'll always see this.
You're not going to see that every single line of code always starts as well in the first space different
languages will use this differently.
But in order to organize code usually you'll see some indentation like this now.
Python however is unique because the indentation in spaces that we see here makes the interpreter see
it and say Hey this means something.
The interpreter would actually see the space and say because there's space here I know that this is
part of the if block in other languages like Javascript.
Well you have something similar but usually you'll have an if statement and then some condition followed
by make sure I spell condition right followed by something like a curly brace and in here whatever is
in here you can see that I still get the space and I can do whatever I want but javascript interpreter
doesn't really care that they're spaces if I want I could write my code just on the one line like this.
And it's still valid a javascript code so people usually do the spacing more for style purposes.
Python on the other hand is not just for styling that would do this but because the interpreter actually
finds meaning in the spaces which is actually one of the big selling point with Python.
It's very clean there's no extra stuff here that makes it difficult.
I mean it's just English right.
If it's old and if is licensed then print this is just really nice to read and really clean.
Now if you notice you're my editor and we're going to talk about editors and ideas in an upcoming section.
But if you're using the proper tools this automatically is created for you now in the programming world.
There's this debate about tabs and spaces and we're going to get into it.
It's frankly a little bit silly that is.
Some people prefer to hear if they want to create a space they might use spaces or they might use tabs
at the end of the day with Python.
The rule is we can use spaces you can use the tab but the idea that if you use spaces you usually use
for spaces is just a standard.
Now if you notice here I actually don't have four spaces it's two spaces here and that is because up
until now Well I've just been following along whatever this editor gives me.
But if you look over here there's an auto format button.
If I click on this it automatically formats my code into the appropriate format and you see right over
here that I now have four spaces.
But you see that the code still works.
Again it's because at the end of the day the important part is that there is a distinction between hierarchies.
That is the top.
And then maybe the children but the interpreter itself is going to notice these spaces.
So you do have to be careful because based on where this print is as soon as I add a tab in here and
I click Run what I get is old and is licensed.
But as soon as one of this is false and I click Run you see that.
OK.
He runs only if this condition fails again.
If previously both of these were true I only get the first line printed.
So that little space here changes the outcome of my program.
So you have to really be careful with this.
And luckily your editor or where you code is going to help you out with this but it is a gotcha that
if you're just starting out you want to be mindful of.
All right.
No more debates about spaces and tasks.
I'll see in the next video by.